added PCI-DSS to OCP on GCP (#19)
finos/ansible-cfi-ocp: ocp/README.md

5. Implement OCP Compliance Operator
6. Manual Remediation of CIS Controls

> Using the above will provide an OCP Cluster which is compliant with most CIS and PCI-DSS Policies. There are a number of CIS and PCI-DSS policies that require a user to make local decisions on how the policy would be implemented, these are describe these as MANUAL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the above will provide an OCP Cluster which is compliant with most CIS and PCI-DSS Policies. There are a number of CIS and PCI-DSS policies that require a user to make local decisions on how the policy would be implemented, these are described as MANUAL. 
```

We do provide examples of how some of these types of policies could implemented, for example adding an identity provider or replacing the self signed certificates.

> In step 6 we have provided some guidance and examples on how to remediation some of the CIS controla. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In step 6 we have provided some guidance and examples on how to remediate some of the CIS controls. 
```

Below is a list of the CIS and PCI-DSS policies that a user will have to investigate and decide how they should be implemented within their own organisation. 

> 

Reviewer: consider adding some type of title here

Author: added

ocp4-cis-secrets-no-environment-variables           MANUAL   medium

> 

Reviewer: consider adding some type of title here

Author: added
